Good morning everyone. This is Neetu Chandra from lecture check. I'm very excited to share with you an innovative project we have been working on. Our system is designed to assist professors in uploading their videos along with their corresponding PDF files and performing thorough content analysis. This analysis not only validates lectures for topic wise coverage, but also ensures that ensures that the video content aligns accurately with the PDF materials provided. Using advanced technologies like large language models for audio to text conversion and sophisticated algorithms for content for content comparison, our system promises to elevate the quality and effectiveness of educational content delivered by professors. In this presentation, we'll highlight the key features of our project, demonstrate its functionality, and discuss the cutting edge technology behind it. So this is the problem statement. This university called Dune State University and it allows its professors to upload videos along with their corresponding files and our system has to check for the similarity score between them, I mean how much percentage of the video matches with the PDF. These are the objectives of our project, facilitate lecture uploading, matching video content with PDF's, visualization of results through graphs this is the technical stack of our project. We are using Mon and LLM and so as we all know, Mern deals with MongoDB Express J's, react and node J's and LLM which we are using is BERT and in that we using sentence transformers for sentence wise comparison of video and PDF. This is the architecture of our project. So users has to collect data and give it to the friend end and frontend is the client side. The clients will be able to view that and this is the workflow of our project. So lectures uploads their videos and once they upload their video, it gets converted to audio and audio gets transcribed to text and after that we'll upload the PDF. And once the PDF is uploaded, it's get it gets converted into text and the text which got converted from video and the PDF text both will be checked for similarity using lNMDH and finally the similarities code will be displayed. Thank you for being here. We look forward to sharing our work with.