Welcome everyone. This is our project lecture check and I am Neetu Chandra. I am a part of our project. Today we will discuss an exciting initiative to enhance learning at Dune University through automated lecture recording and content analysis. Our goal is to ensure that all students that all lectures are accessible to students anytime and anywhere, while also maintaining high standards of content quality and alignment. These are the team members of a project and this is the problem statement of a project. Our primary objectives are to record and upload lectures for on demand access, validate video content for topic wise coverage, match video content with corresponding PDF files, provide comprehensive analysis and insights on lecture materials, and this is how the project goes. So, first of all, professors will record and upload lectures to their elements where each lecture is combined with a PDF and the system validates video content for topic coverage and match with the PDF and analysis results given in the form of graphs and percentages. And these are the objectives which we have seen previously. And this is the technical stack which we are using for our project. We have already worked on one part and we have chosen a LLM for that project. That is bhat and we are still working on it. And this is the workflow of our project. So here is a high level overview of our system architecture. It consists of four main components, lecture recording, content validation, content matching and analysis recording. These components work together to ensure a seamless and efficient process. From recording to analysis lecture recording process is done by professors. Professors will record their lectures using the university's recording software or devices. It's crucial to ensure high quality audio and video standards. Once recorded, the lectures are saved in a standardized format such as mp4, and then they are uploaded to the LMS. Integration with LMS the recorded lectures and campaigning PDF files will be uploaded to our lms. We will use automated scripts to ensure that files are uploaded correctly and consistently, minimizing errors and manual intervention. Then is content validation. Validating video content we will employ speech to text technology to transcribe the lectures natural learning process. NLP will then identify key topics and subtopics. This step ensures that all necessary topics, as per the syllabus, are adequately covered. Then there is matching video and PDF content. So content matching techniques to match the video and PDF content will extract text from PDF. We will then compare the task to PDM text with PDF content using advanced text map text matching algorithms. This is where we'll be using LLM, Bart and after that analysis and reporting generating insights our system will analyze the matched content to provide insights into the quality and completeness of the lectures. Reports will be generated to highlight areas for improvement and any coverage gaps, providing available feedback for professors and this is the user interface of a project. So this is the login page. So here will be teacher will be able to log in with their email and password which are already stored in the back end of a project, and the credentials which are stored in the back end of a project. With those credentials only the teacher can log in. So with other credentials they will not be able to log in. And after logging in we'll be able to see this dashboard. And here we have upload PDF and upload video match, report and feedback. And this is the upload PDF page. Here teacher will be upload only PDF's. Other than PDF's, any mp4 or MP3 files or any other files other than PDF cannot be uploaded. And here each of will be able to view the PDF which he or she has uploaded. And this is the upload video page. And here only videos can be uploaded. That is, 24 files only can be uploaded. Other than those, any web files or audio files or PDF files can only be uploaded. So up till now. So we have completed till this part and we continue exploring more about LLMs, LLMs and NLPs which are required for the project. Thank you.