Fuel cell electric vehicles , the main component of these vehicles is the fuel cell stack. In this video, we will understand how hydrogen fuel cell works. FCEV use hundreds of fuel cells in the form of a stack, as you can see, to get the desired power outcome. Let us understand a basic fuel cell. It is similar to that of a electric cell which consists of anode and cathode. Each one of them consists of a gas diffusion layer which is coated with a catalyst made up of platinum. There is a PEM layer which is nothing but proton exchange membrane, also called as polymer electrolyte membrane. Hydrogen enters from the anode, from the hydrogen storage tank and oxygen from the ambient air is taken in. The byproduct is water and heat, and also the unused H2 is recycled. Let us understand the working. So as you can see, a bulb is connected as a load. So hydrogen inlet— from the hydrogen inlet, the hydrogen is taken in. This hydrogen enters through the anode and then crosses the gas diffusion layer. At the catalyst, the hydrogen is split into 2 protons and 2 electrons. So all the hydrogen which enters is stripped at the catalyst into 2 protons and 2 electrons. As you can see, these electrons then flow through the external circuit and light up the load, the— in this case, the bulb, and then they cross and move towards the cathode. At the— also at the cathode end, the hydrogen protons move and cross the PEM layer. From the oxygen inlet, the oxygen enters the cathode, and then that also crosses the gas diffusion layer. Then it combines with the hydrogen protons in the presence of electrons to form H2O, water. This water then moves out as a byproduct in the form of water vapor due to heat. Also, the unused oxygen also moves out. The unused hydrogen is also taken out and this H2 is being recycled. Another byproduct is the heat which is emitted during these reactions. Let us understand the cell reactions. So at anode side, oxidation reaction occurs, that is H2 splits up into 2 protons and 2 electrons. Then at the cathode side, reduction reaction occurs, that is oxygen combines with protons and electrons to form water. The net reaction, that is redox reaction, is hydrogen combines with oxygen to form water. So this is it for this video. Thank you for watching. If you like the video, do like, share, and subscribe to OwlWiz. Also press bell icon to get notified.